hey you tired of that old snowblower or
is your back just so sore from shoveling
well I've got a new solution for it it's
called the snow bully and you can find
it at snow bully dotnet it's pretty
self-explanatory when you look at it
it's basically a snow plow that's used
manually and perfect for a steady sized
sidewalk driveway or even a small
parking lot
now it's designed specifically and
exclusively for this type of snow the
blade is designed to have the weight of
the snow transfer to be able to push
down and scrape just like you see here
perfect for anyone of any age and it
actually makes it what eventually makes
shovelling and plowing kind of fun and
it's a whole lot you imagine the cost of
just this year probably repairing your
school or hiring a service or of course
we always we actually at our web site we
do sell snowfall so we're happy to sell
you it but why not consider the snow
bully first now a couple other things
that I want to share with you is the
snow bully is perfect for ice-skating
rings go to our website you'll see that
we do have several different items that
are designed for making nice believe
it's supers ice but you know you got to
keep it clear to shovel to maintain and
that's where the snow bully comes in
it's designed extremely well it's going
to last you well probably well beyond
that little Snowberry that you've had
for all these years and we've got a
ready to ship so contact us today at
snow poli
net or give us a call at eight seven
seven two two four four eight nine nine
check it out the snow boy it's great
product it'll make a great present or
buy it for yourself check it out snow
bully dot men